Add document outlining safety mechanisms of java agent. (#1925)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: docs/safety-mechanisms.md

# OpenTelemetry Java Agent Safety Mechanisms

> This document outlines the safety mechanisms we have in place to have confidence
> that the Java agent can be attached with a very low chance of affecting a user's
> app in a negative way, for example introducing crashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document outlines the safety mechanisms we have in place to have confidence
that the Java agent can be attached to an user's application with a very low chance of 
affecting it in a negative way, for example introducing crashes.
```
